Incorrect description for ydb_database_groups variable (#13630)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/devops/ansible/initial-deployment.md

      - static-node-3.ydb-cluster.com
  ```

> The value of the `ydb_database_groups` variable in the `vars` set the number of [storage groups](https://ydb.tech/docs/en/concepts/glossary#storage-group) for database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the `ydb_database_groups` variable in the `vars` sets the number of [storage groups](../..//concepts/glossar.mdy#storage-group) for the database. 
```

> The value of the `ydb_database_groups` variable in the `vars` set the number of [storage groups](https://ydb.tech/docs/en/concepts/glossary#storage-group) for database. 

Reviewer: Some guidance is still needed on what to write to that variable. Even newbies who don't have time to figure out our terminology, like storage groups, need to be able to be able to finish this instruction.
